docs: add guide to report security concerns (#244)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/community/reporting_security_concerns.mdx

---
title: Reporting Security Concerns
sidebar_position: 50
---

We are so thankful for developers and users for reporting any security vulnerabilities or concerns that they have!

Please note that this report will remain with only the maintainers of the project and anyone else who is required to evaluate/fix the issue. In case you have any other kind of issue to report, kindly open an issue in the appropriate repository for the same. 

> To make the report, you may follow the steps we have mentioned in ORAS's [security policy](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/security). 

Reviewer: I generally think we should create a SECURITY.md in each repo and link it to this page

Author: Definitely. I'll make those changes. Won't have to repeat the same content everywhere then 👍🏼

Author: Updated.

---
title: Reporting Security Concerns
sidebar_position: 50
---

# Security Policy

Thank you for taking the time to report a security vulnerability. We would like to investigate every report thoroughly.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To make a report, please send an email to the `mail ID`/`slack dm` with the vulnerability details. In case you would like to submit any other kind of issue, please open one in the appropriate repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security vulnerability, please contact one or more (ORAS maintainers)[https://github.com/oras-project/community/blob/main/OWNERS.md] via email or Slack with the vulnerability details. Please `do not` open a public issue describing the vulnerability.
```

## When Should You Submit a Report

Please send us a report whenever you:

> * Think any of the ORAS projects has a potential security vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Think any of the ORAS projects have a potential security vulnerability.
```

---
title: Reporting Security Concerns
sidebar_position: 50
---

# Security Policy

Thank you for taking the time to report a security vulnerability. 
We would like to investigate every report thoroughly.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a security vulnerability, please contact one or more (ORAS maintainers)[https://github.com/oras-project/community/blob/main/OWNERS.md] via email or Slack with the vulnerability details. 

Reviewer: I think this was going to be updated to use the github security here advisor.

Author: @TerryHowe it has been updated now, sorry for taking so long.
